feat: Multi Dev Portal (#7561)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/updates.md

from a single, cloud-based control plane, and provides a catalog of all deployed
services. [Try it today!](https://cloud.konghq.com/quick-start)

## July 2024

**Multi-portal**

> : {{site.konnect_short_name}} now supports multiple Dev Portals. This allows you to better segment your customers, brands, and API Product experiences. For more information, see [Create Dev Portal](/konnect/dev-portal/create-dev-portal)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: {{site.konnect_short_name}} now supports multiple Dev Portals. Users can create multiple Dev Portals with the same great functionality in order to better segment their customers, brands, and API Product experiences. For more information, see [Create Dev Portal](/konnect/dev-portal/create-dev-portal)
```
